rheacode

high

# giovannarevitoroz - Unsafe ERC20 usage: If one of the token is a non-revert on transfer, the other token can be stolen.

/*
name: Notional V3 Contest
about: If one of the tokens is a non-revert on transfer, funds can be stolen.
assignees: "high"
**

## Summary
Notional V3 contract uses unsafe ERC20 transfer operations, which opens an attack vector that allows stealing funds of the other token (under certain (but not unlikely) conditions).

## Vulnerability Detail

Notional V3 contract is using transfer and transferFrom to send the funds to the respective address.

The issue here is, for some tokens, the success status of the transaction will be decided by the return status of the the transfer operation.

Since the contract is not checking the status of the transaction, when the actual transfer fails for some tokens, updating the subsequent status like loan value would not be safe

ERC20 operations can be unsafe due to different implementations and vulnerabilities in the standard.

To circumvent ERC20's approve functions race-condition vulnerability use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20 library's safe{Increase|Decrease}Allowance functions.

Please refer the below link that I examined to know more.

https://soliditydeveloper.com/safe-erc20

## Vulnerability Detail

Even if the transfer fails, it will be marked as valid and subsequent updates are done, like updating the loan value etc..This could result in a loss of funds given the right external conditions.

## Impact
Even if the transfer fails, it will be marked as valid and subsequent updates are done, like updating the loan value etc..This could result in a loss of funds given the right external conditions.

## Code Snippet
[GenericToken.sol#L25](https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L25)

[GenericToken.sol#L34](https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L34)

[GenericToken.sol#L45](https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L45)

[GenericToken.sol#L59](https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L59)

## Tool used

VS Code for manual review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZeppelin's SafeERC20 library, which correctly handles unusual behavior ERC20 tokens, and certainly reverts on failed transfers. or consider using safeTransfer or safeTransferFrom.