rheacode

medium

# giovannarevitoroz - Dangerous strict equalities (Unmatched Type Assignment)

## Summary

Assigning unmatched type to a value, which can lead to integer overflow.

> can be easily manipulated by an attacker.

## Vulnerability Detail

Strict equality is referred to the equal operator or not the equal operator as compared to the less stricter. Less than or greater than, or equal than to operators.

When these strict equalities are applied to ether or token values such checks could fail because the transferred ether or tokens could be slightly less or greater than.

What the strict equalities expect or the balances computed could be different because of the different number of decimals expected or the precision of the operations being slighty different from the assumptions being made.

The use of the strict equalities with such operands and operations is considered dangerous because they could lead to failed checks. So the security best practice is to default to less strict equalities and make sure that those constraints are satisfied as per the assumptions

## Impact

Use of strict equalities with tokens or Ether can accidentally or maliciously cause unexpected behavior. And can be easily manipulated by an attacker.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/internal/AccountContextHandler.sol#L313
https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/external/actions/nToken/nTokenMintAction.sol#L298
https://github.com/notional-finance/contracts-v2/blob/b20a45c912785fab5f2b62992e5260f44dbae197/contracts/external/actions/nTokenRedeemAction.sol#L362

## Tool used
VS Code for manual review.

## Recommendation
Don't use strict equality to determine if an account has enough Ether or tokens. So consider using ` >= or <=`  instead of  `==`  for such variables depending on the contract logic.