chaduke

medium

# safeTransferIn() might have a slient failure when the input token address is invalid

## Summary
``safeTransferIn()`` might have a silent failure when the input token address is invalid. The main problem is that the function does not check whether the input token address is a valid contract address. 

## Vulnerability Detail
``safeTransferIn()`` allows a user to transfer some tokens, not necessarily standard ERC20 tokens into the contract. The function invokes ``checkReturnCode()`` to ensure non-standard ERC20 tokens can be dealt with. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L38-L51](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L38-L51)

However, neither ``safeTransferIn()`` nor ``checkReturnCode()`` check the input token address ``token`` is a valid contract address.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L83-L104](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/internal/balances/protocols/GenericToken.sol#L83-L104)

As a result, when the input token address is an invalid contract address, there will be a silent failure. That is, the function will not revert. Users will consider the transfer is successful, even though the token address was actually invalid. 

The following POC code confirms my finding. The test will fail, which means, the function does not revert as expected. A silent failure.

```javascript
function testSafeTransferIn() public 
{
    address invalidToken = address(1234);
    vm.expectRevert();
    GenericToken.safeTransferIn(invalidToken, address(2), 1000);
}
```

## Impact
safeTransferIn() might have a slient failure when the input token address is invalid. Similar issue exists for ``safeTransferFrom()``. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use OpenZepellin's ``safeTransfer()`` and ``safeTransferFrom()`` instead. 