PRAISE

medium

# there is no function provided in nTokenAction.sol to unwhitelist whitelisted spenders.

## Summary
when implementing whitelists there has to be a provided method to unwhitelist too

## Vulnerability Detail
in the nTokenAction.sol contract i see a couple of functions that add a spender to nTokenWhiteList but there's no function to remove or unwhitelist whitelisted spenders.

here's what could happen
1.) the nTokenWhiteList will become too big and costly with time because whenever nTokenTransferFrom() function is used `spender` is added to the nTokenWhiteList even though he's already whitelisted. so for every usage of nTokenTransferFrom() the nTokenWhiteList increases.
Also the nTokenTransferApproveAll() function adds spender to the whitelist. So it evident that the nTokenWhiteList can become very enormous and cost a lot of gas.

2.) Another important thing to consider is that it won't be possible to unwhiteList a malicious Spender as there's no function to handle that. A live e.g is sushiswap hack.

## Impact
1.) nTokenWhiteList will become too big and cost a lot of gas  

2.) it won't be possible to unwhitelist a malicious spender
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/actions/nTokenAction.sol#L197

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/actions/nTokenAction.sol#L231


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
add a function in the nTokenAction.sol to remove whitelisted spenders from the nTokenwhiteList. Don't forget to add access control