Bauer

high

# Parsing errors may occur and result in an exception

## Summary
If we pass data with an encoded parameter when calling the function , the EVM will attempt to parse the encoded parameter and pass it as an argument to the function. Since the function does not require any parameters, the actual parameter list passed is empty. However, the EVM will try to parse an unused parameter, which may cause parsing errors and result in an exception. Therefore, if a function does not require parameters, it is best not to encode any parameters.
## Vulnerability Detail
The purpose of `CompoundV2AssetAdapter.getDepositCalldata()` is to generate the calldata required to make a deposit to an asset token contract using the specified amount and rate adapter. The calldata is used in a subsequent function call to perform the deposit operation.
```solidity
    targets[0] = assetToken;
        msgValue[0] = underlyingIsETH ? depositUnderlyingAmount : 0;
        callData[0] = abi.encodeWithSelector(
            underlyingIsETH ? CEtherInterface.mint.selector : CErc20Interface.mint.selector, 
            depositUnderlyingAmount
        );
```
 The function selector is either CEtherInterface.mint.selector or CErc20Interface.mint.selector, depending on whether the token to be deposited is ETH or ERC20. The input argument is depositUnderlyingAmount, which is the amount of tokens to be deposited.
Let me look into the cETH mint function. It takes no parameters, however, the protocol passes a `depositUnderlyingAmount` parameter when generating the calldata.
```solidity
    function mint() external payable {
        requireNoError(mintInternal(msg.value), "mint failed");
    }
```
If we encode a parameter but the function does not actually require it, there may be issues with the subsequent call. This is because when calling a function, the EVM attempts to parse the parameters according to the encoding format. If the actual parameters passed are inconsistent with the encoded ones, parsing errors may occur and result in an exception.
The `getRedemptionCalldata()` function also has a similar issue.


```solidity
    function mint() external payable {
        requireNoError(mintInternal(msg.value), "mint failed");
    }
```
## Impact
Parsing errors may occur and result in an exception.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/pCash/adapters/CompoundV2AssetAdapter.sol#L31-L52
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/pCash/adapters/CompoundV2AssetAdapter.sol#L11-L29

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
