Bauer

medium

# Type Mismatch Errors Leading to Abnormal Behavior

## Summary
In Solidity, both uint and uint256 represent unsigned integer types and can be used interchangeably in most cases. Therefore, if you declare a variable with the uint256 type instead of uint type in your Solidity code, it usually does not have a practical impact on the behavior of the code.

However, it is important to note that if your code interacts with other contracts, these contracts may use uint type instead of uint256 type. In this case, if your code uses uint256 type and the function that interacts with other contracts expects uint type, it may result in a type mismatch error and cause abnormal behavior in your code. Therefore, to ensure compatibility with other contracts, it is recommended to use the same type as expected by the other contracts when interacting with them.
## Vulnerability Detail
Inside the `CompoundV2AssetAdapter.getRedemptionCalldata()` function, the callData array is encoded with the abi.encodeWithSelector function using the CErc20Interface.redeemUnderlying selector and the redeemUnderlyingAmount.
```solidity
  function getRedemptionCalldata(
        address from,
        address assetToken,
        address assetRateAdapter,
        uint256 rateAdapterPrecision,
        uint256 redeemUnderlyingAmount
    ) internal view returns (RedeemData[] memory data) {
        address[] memory targets = new address[](1);
        bytes[] memory callData = new bytes[](1);
        targets[0] = assetToken;
        callData[0] = abi.encodeWithSelector(CErc20Interface.redeemUnderlying.selector, redeemUnderlyingAmount);

        data = new RedeemData[](1);
        data[0] = RedeemData(targets, callData, redeemUnderlyingAmount, assetToken);
    }
```
Let me look into the `cERC20.redeemUnderlying()` function. As the code below ,
the function takes a single input parameter redeemAmount of type uint, which represents the amount of underlying asset to be redeemed.However, the protocol generates calldata using a uint256 type parameter `redeemUnderlyingAmount`. In this case, if the code uses the uint256 type while the function interacting with other contracts expects a uint type, it may result in a type mismatch error and cause abnormal code behavior. Therefore, to be compatible with other contracts, it is recommended to use the same type as expected by other contracts when interacting with them. The `getDepositCalldata()` function also has a similar issue.
```solidity
    function redeemUnderlying(uint redeemAmount) override external returns (uint) {
        redeemUnderlyingInternal(redeemAmount);
        return NO_ERROR;
    }

```


## Impact

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/pCash/adapters/CompoundV2AssetAdapter.sol#L15
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/pCash/adapters/CompoundV2AssetAdapter.sol#L36
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Replacing uint256 with uint