chaduke

medium

# LiquidateCurrencyAction#liquidateLocalCurrency() lacks the slippage control for the amount of prime cash that needs to be paid by the liquidator.

## Summary
``LiquidateCurrencyAction#liquidateLocalCurrency()`` lacks the slippage control for the amount of prime cash that needs to be paid by the liquidator. As a result, other users might frontrun this transaction, and leads to the liquidator to pay more prime cash than he expected. 

## Vulnerability Detail

First of all the function ``LiquidateCurrencyAction#liquidateLocalCurrency()`` does not provide a parameter to set the limit for the maximum prime cash that a liquidator is willing to pay. The limit of ``maxNTokenLiquidation`` is not helpful, since it does not directly translate to prime cash. If the prime rate is changed due to the front-running of other transactions, the amount of prime cash that the liquidator needs to pay can vary even for purchasing a fixed number of nTokens. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/actions/LiquidateCurrencyAction.sol#L80-L130](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/external/actions/LiquidateCurrencyAction.sol#L80-L130)

Consider the flow ``LiquidateCurrencyAction#liquidateLocalCurrency() -> _localCurrencyLiquidation() -> LiquidateCurrency.liquidateLocalCurrency()``, which calculates ``localPrimeCashFromLiquidator``, the amount of prime cash that needs to be paid by the liquidator. ``localPrimeCashFromLiquidator`` depends on several factors:  haircut, buffer, or other liquidators who might front-run the transaction and changes the free collateral value. The factors can change if other users front-run this transactions and change them. As a result, the value ``localPrimeCashFromLiquidator`` could be more than the user expected.  A slippage control is necessary so that the liquidator will not pay for what he specified as the maximum amount of prime cash. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/internal/liquidation/LiquidateCurrency.sol#L32-L147](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-03-notional/blob/main/contracts-v2/contracts/internal/liquidation/LiquidateCurrency.sol#L32-L147)

Finally, even for the same amount nTokens, the amount of prime cash can be different due to the following calculation from amount of nTokens to purchase to the amount of prime cash to pay. As the haircut parameters change, such amount will change as well. 

```javascript
int256 localPrimeCash =
                    nTokensToLiquidate
                        .mul(int256(uint8(factors.nTokenParameters[Constants.LIQUIDATION_HAIRCUT_PERCENTAGE])))
                        .mul(factors.nTokenHaircutPrimeValue)
                        .div(int256(uint8(factors.nTokenParameters[Constants.PV_HAIRCUT_PERCENTAGE])))
                        .div(balanceState.storedNTokenBalance);
```
## Impact
LiquidateCurrencyAction#liquidateLocalCurrency() lacks the slippage control for the amount of prime cash that needs to be paid by the liquidator.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
VScode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a parameter ``maxPrimeCashFromLiquidator`` to the function for slippage control. 